 RTMP over USB on iOS
A detailed guide with step-by-step explanations

🎯 Why is this needed?
You want to stream video from your computer to your iPhone, but WiFi is slow or unstable. The solution is to transfer via a USB cable, like on Android with adb reverse. On iOS, it's a bit more complex, but achievable.

What we will get in the end:

Stable RTMP stream without WiFi
Minimal latency
Works via a standard USB cable
📦 What to install
On the computer (Windows):
1. OBS Studio
Software for video capture and streaming
Download: obsproject.com
Install it like a regular program
📷Screenshot
2. LaL-Server
This is an RTMP server that will receive the stream from OBS
Download: Github.com
After installation, just run it
📷Screenshot
Окно MonaServer
3. iProxy (libimobiledevice)
A tool for working with iOS devices via USB
Download a pre-built version: Github.com
Unpack it to any folder (e.g., C:\iproxy)
On the iPhone:
1. Jailbreak
The device must be jailbroken
If it's not, this method will not work
2. OpenSSH Server
Open Sileo or Zebra (your package manager)
Search for OpenSSH
Install the OpenSSH server package (not Client!)
📷Screenshot
Окно MonaServer
🚀 Step-by-step setup
1
Preparation
1.1. Run LaL-Server on the computer
Find the lalserver.exe shortcut and run it
A window with text should appear - this is normal
Leave it running (do not close it)
📷Screenshot
Окно MonaServer
1.2. Connect iPhone to the computer
Take a standard USB cable (Lightning or USB-C)
Connect the iPhone to the computer
A prompt Trust This Computer? may appear on the iPhone - tap Trust
Enter the iPhone unlock password
📷Screenshot
Окно MonaServer
2
Check iPhone connection
2.1. Open Command Prompt on Windows
There are several ways:

Press Win + R, type cmd, and press Enter
OR press Win + X and select Windows PowerShell
2.2. Navigate to the iProxy folder
If you unpacked iProxy to C:\iproxy, enter:

cd C:\iproxy
Press Enter.

If it's in another folder, enter your path. For example:

cd C:\Users\ВашеИмя\Downloads\iproxy
2.3. Check if the computer sees the iPhone
Enter the command:

idevice_id.exe -l
Press Enter.

What should happen:
A long string of numbers and letters will appear - this is your iPhone's UDID
For example: 00008020-000814E23EF8002E
📷Screenshot
Окно MonaServer
If nothing appears:
Check the USB cable
Make sure you tapped "Trust" on the iPhone
Install iTunes (it comes with the necessary Apple drivers)
Try a different USB port
3
Forward SSH port over USB
3.1. In the same command prompt window, enter:
iproxy.exe 2222 22
Press Enter.

What this command means:
iproxy.exe - run the program
2222 - local port on the computer
22 - SSH port on the iPhone
Basically: "everything that comes to port 2222 on the computer, send to port 22 on the iPhone"
What should happen:
The window will show text:
waiting for connection

This is normal! The program is running and waiting for a connection.
📷Screenshot
Окно MonaServer
IMPORTANT: Do not close this window! It must be running the entire time you are streaming.
4
Create a reverse tunnel via SSH
4.1. Open a NEW command prompt window
Without closing the previous window with iProxy:

Press Win + R again, type powershell, and press Enter
OR press Win + X and select Windows PowerShell
4.2. Connect to the iPhone via SSH
Enter the command:

ssh -R 1935:localhost:1935 mobile@localhost -p 2222
Press Enter.

Command breakdown:
ssh - connect via SSH
-R 1935:localhost:1935 - create a reverse tunnel for port 1935
mobile - username on the iPhone
@localhost - connect to the local address (via iproxy it goes to the iPhone)
-p 2222 - use port 2222 (which we forwarded in the previous step)
4.3. First connection
On the first connection, a question will appear:

Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no/[fingerprint])?
Type: yes and press Enter.

4.4. Enter the password
A prompt will appear:

mobile@localhost's password:
Enter: the password you specified when installing the jailbreak and press Enter.

Note: When you type the password, the characters are not displayed - this is normal for security. Just type and press Enter.
4.5. Shell configuration (first time)
The Z Shell configuration menu may appear:

This is the Z Shell configuration function for new users...
--- Type one of the keys in parentheses ---
Just press: 0 (zero) and Enter.

What should happen:
You will see the iPhone command prompt, for example:
iPhone:~ mobile$

This means you are inside the iPhone! The SSH tunnel is working.
📷Screenshot
Окно MonaServer
IMPORTANT: Do not close this window! As long as it is open, the tunnel is active.
5
Configure OBS Studio
5.1. Open OBS Studio
5.2. Go to stream settings
Click Settings
In the left menu, select Stream
5.3. Fill in the fields:
Service: select Custom...

Server: enter

rtmp://127.0.0.1:1935/live/
Stream Key: enter

test
(you can use any word instead of test)

📷Screenshot
Окно MonaServer
5.4. Save the settings
Click OK or Apply

6
Start the stream on the iPhone
6.1. Open our virtual camera on the iPhone
6.2. Enter the stream address:
rtmp://127.0.0.1:1935/live/test
📷Screenshot
Address breakdown:
rtmp:// - protocol
127.0.0.1 - local address (thanks to the SSH tunnel, this now leads to the computer)
:1935 - port
/live/test - stream path (must match the settings in OBS)
6.3. Start streaming in OBS
On the computer, in OBS, click Start Streaming

6.4. Connect in the virtual camera on the iPhone
✅ It should work! The video from the computer will appear on the iPhone.
📷Screenshot
🔍 What if it doesn't work?
Problem 1: "idevice_id.exe not found"
Solution: You did not navigate to the iProxy folder.

Use the cd command to go to the folder
Or provide the full path: C:\iproxy\idevice_id.exe -l
Problem 2: iPhone is not detected
Solution:

Install iTunes (even if you don't use it)
Check that you tapped Trust on the iPhone
Try a different USB cable/port
Reboot the iPhone
Problem 3: SSH does not connect
Solution:

Make sure OpenSSH Server is installed on the iPhone
Check that the window with iproxy.exe 2222 22 is still running
Try connecting as root instead of mobile:
ssh -R 1935:localhost:1935 root@localhost -p 2222
Problem 4: Video does not play on iPhone
Solution:

Make sure LaL-Server is running on the computer
Check that both windows (iProxy and SSH) are running
Make sure the stream is started in OBS
Check the address in the player: rtmp://127.0.0.1:1935/live/test
💡 Useful tips
1. Save the commands

Create a text file with the commands so you don't have to look for them every time:
Окно 1: iproxy.exe 2222 22
Окно 2: ssh -R 1935:localhost:1935 mobile@localhost -p 2222
2. Change the password (for security)

After the first SSH connection to the iPhone, execute:
passwd
Enter the new password twice.